papelón     | papelón
palabrería  | palabrería
jactanciosas| jactancioso
pendiente   | pendiente
golosinas   | golosina
perversa    | perverso
canica      | canica
canoso      | canoso
surcada     | surcar
cojeaba     | cojear
carcajadas  | carcajada
zoquete     | zoquete
muda        | mudo
centelleaban| centellear
peldaños    | peldaño
portazo     | portazo
encararse   | encararse
deleite     | deleite
rasguño     | rasguño
indicada    | indicado
riñones     | riñón
tenedor     | tenedor
pasadizo    | pasadizo
