despejadas    | despejado
escalón       | escalón
cosquillas    | cosquillas
deslizara     | deslizarse
papeleras     | papelera
tizas         | tiza
calabozos     | calabozo
rescató       | rescatar
saltones      | saltón
Patrullaba    | patrullar
soñada        | soñado
Malvado       | malvado
charla        | charla
anotaciones   | anotación
mordisquearle | mordisquear
azucarero     | azucarero
mazmorra      | mazmorra
tétrico       | tétrico
frascos       | frasco
alcornoques   | alcornoque
ajenjo        | ajenjo
desternillaban| desternillarse
omiso         | omiso
acónito       | acónito
descaro       | descaro
forúnculos    | forúnculo
ortiga        | ortiga
ingeniado     | ingeniarse
derramaba     | derramarse
empapado      | empaparse
volcarse      | volcarse
pústulas      | pústula
púas          | púa
erizo         | erizo
linde         | linde
ballesta      | ballesta
rasguños      | rasguño
ladridos      | ladrido
estancia      | estancia
cazuela       | cazuela
remiendos     | remiendo
lamerle       | lamer
referente     | referente
babeaba       | babear
pétreo        | pétreo
rechazar      | rechazar
